hello my lovely I'm not for two new
series of tutorials I'm going to be
doing and I've had so many requests for
these kinds of videos and this series is
going to be the best colors for
different colored eyes so then I'm
starting off with 39 as my eyes are
green and the silikov come up with make
your eyes stand out the best way to do
it is to use the color that opposite on
the color wheel from the color of your
eyes so as you will know contrasting
colors red and green now I'm not one to
really wear a red eyeshadow as I do want
to look ill and like I come from some
the whole movie with some kind of rabbit
with mixed mitosis this is not a very
good look if I wear red it just looks
like i have really irritated eyes or
their coffee because I've been crying so
much so the best way i have found
especially if you have a cool skin tone
like mine is to get colors that have
some red in them Burgundy's all those
kind of warm purples really really
accentuate the green in your eyes as you
can see my article adjust as much so
he'd sing that word pops out at you and
it's such a pretty color to completely
wearable so let me zoom in on this MOOC
I'd look for green eyes I'm not sure how
much you be able to tell but in the
mirror I can see that the green in my
eyes really stand out so if you want to
know how I choose this look then please
stay tuned and I hope you guys all like
this new series so the first thing I've
already done is put openly gay bar
motion all over my lid and then we're
going to begin with our first color and
that's going to be trapped and it's a
really interesting color from Mac and
it's a purple with kind of gold glitter
in it you know how will you be able to
see so you look very possible then
there's a lot of gold in it and
powerful really helped to make the green
it in your eyes stand out so we're just
going to place that all over the lid
make sure to tap it onto the lid and
sort of swype because you want the gold
to remain there like so so we have that
move the way up to the crease now we're
going to mix up the orders a bit so
we're going to take a small brush and
for inner corner highlight I'm using
digit I really like to mix up the warm
and the cool tones and I find that gives
you a better rounded look so we're going
to use a little bit of this is
definitely a cool tone really light
purple with some iridescent to it and
we're just using that as an inner corner
highlight here you can see how that's
already brightened up now I'm going to
take the tracks that we use and put that
along the center of the lower lash line
using the edge of the lip brush to trace
that line
like so I'm going on the outer we're
going to put beauty marked which is a
black and red with a little bit of
glitter in it this one can have quite a
lot of flirt so do you make sure to
press it rather than swipe it now I'm
going to just darken up the crease here
and for this I'm going to use big one my
shadow go hungry get it out both this
one here it's very dark purple and it's
a matte so I'm just getting that on the
ends of my teeth routine and I'm going
to work that into the outer V to deepen
up that crease on what and to blend all
the colors along with these together as
well that a little bit of tracks that we
have going on and then if you want to
darken your crease up a little bit more
and you can take a darker eyeshadow and
this is sketch and this is a little bit
warmer than a bigger one so it's also
good to have those red tones in your
eyeshadow to bring the greener and I'm
just going to put up write with a pencil
brush into that crease to really define
it and make a look deeper
once that's almost get blended i mean
the the camera doesn't take any of that
up and we're going to add a highlight
and for this I'm just gonna be taking a
fluffy brush and no prizes for guessing
what the toilet is going to be don't
guess if it's going to be a path as
usual see I'm starting to run out and
then just going to have a generous
amount of that and blend it the purple
so we get a nice fade here now I'm going
to line my waterline this is of course
optional normally I would lie in it with
the light and color pencil that is white
or and like a concealer skin tone color
but today for all of you guys who love
to line your waterline I'm going to use
a purple liner this is from exaggerated
minimal full color eye definer to
everyone febi sheen as its kind of the
darkest part that I have and this will
really make your eye color stand up and
appear vibrant also like to line it as
well as on the waterline just line it
along in between the lashes see you
don't get anything bibs popping through
so you have your waterline done looks ok
I'm just going to put a thin line of
liquid liner long my top lash line and
then using lime comp Lawson chow line
and design the felt tip you one just for
ease and then finishing that look off
little and computers mascara and on my
cheeks today I'm wearing the Maybelline
Dream me blush and number one dolly pink
that looks like this really bright pink
but as you could see it blends in really
well and my favorite brush for using
this is the new 131 that just came out
with a recent mark Paula craft
collection and I just kind of stood on
the apples of my cheeks and then swirl
outwards and it deposits and my
amount of color which is also great that
you don't have to keep dipping your
fingers into this product and then on my
lips I'm wearing NW 15 studio finish
concealer for mac just do me to have the
color of my lips and on top of that I
just put some flags two vectors dowser
glass so there's the final look and I
hope you guys stay tuned for more videos
in this series and enjoyed the slip for
greener spec so much for watching bye